Document the MaxUnavailableStatefulSet feature (#32596)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

In most cases you will not need to use a partition, but they are useful if you want to stage an
update, roll out a canary, or perform a phased roll out.

### Maximum unavailable Pods

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}

You can control the maximum number of Pods that can be unavailable during an update
by specifying the `.spec.updateStrategy.rollingUpdate.maxUnavailable` field.
The value can be an absolute number (for example, `5`) or a percentage of desired
Pods (for example, `10%`). Absolute number is calculated from the percentage value
by rounding it up. This field cannot be 0. The default setting is 1.

This field applies to all Pods in the range `0` to `replicas-1`. If there is any
unavailable Pod in the range `0` to `replicas-1`, it will be counted towards
`maxUnavailable`.

{{< note >}}
The `maxUnavailable` field is in Alpha stage and it is honored only by API servers

> that enables the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet`
> [feature gate](/docs/reference/commmand-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
that are running with the the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/commmand-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
enabled.
```

In most cases you will not need to use a partition, but they are useful if you want to stage an
update, roll out a canary, or perform a phased roll out.

### Maximum unavailable Pods

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}

You can control the maximum number of Pods that can be unavailable during an update
by specifying the `.spec.updateStrategy.rollingUpdate.maxUnavailable` field.
The value can be an absolute number (for example, `5`) or a percentage of desired
Pods (for example, `10%`). Absolute number is calculated from the percentage value
by rounding it up. This field cannot be 0. The default setting is 1.

> This field applies to all Pods in the range `0` to `replicas-1`. If there is any
> unavailable Pod in the range `0` to `replicas-1`, it will be counted towards
> `maxUnavailable`.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
This field applies to all Pods in the range `0` to `replicas - 1`. If there is any
unavailable Pod in the range `0` to `replicas - 1`, it will be counted towards
`maxUnavailable`.
```

The space makes it more clear that we're using code style in place of equation style (which this site doesn't support).

Author: OK
